# Animal-Sanctuary
An app that will use science based analysis of animal behaviors to help the common individual to better understand, adapt with, and help other species around them.

# Idea: In Full
* Based on the fact that not only do I not want to post on Reddit, but I don't want to have to scroll through hundreds of strangers comments with no source. Statistical analysis directly from experts (Vets, Animal Specialists, Leaders in their feild) will allow users to find results to help and UNDERSTAND how to better help animals around them in need, or out of curiosity. 
** Deeper: This will be for educational purposes, I do not expect to make profits from this concept. The whole idea revolves around education being freely accessable. The website will be free. It will allow full access to all information gathered by myself and that which is composed by others. There will never be any pay wall to the information and community that this project may provide. 
*** Deeper 2: I want this to be something in which people/users can find information on proper health of animals. This will be for their pets, or wild animals who are in need. It will for those who want to better understand how to take care of those animals around them, to enrich thier lives as they enrich ours. This will be for those who have a passion in understanding of everything alive aroud us. I know plants are a whole different feild which has a plethera of information about desiese, care, etc. , and ect. 
** The main concept was honestly based off the silly idea of "What is going on in your head?" as I pet my cat. I will never know what his thoughts are. I will never understand him fully for Okapi or Oak is an idividual just as we all are. His life experience has given him his distienct personality, but medical history is innaccessable for the common individual. Medical history, studies, individual stores will allow the user to be able to better UNDERSTAND what the animal/companion is going through. 
*** If I'd had know how to take care of my anxious dog. If I had done research and gone into depth to help her, she might be cuddled up next to me as I write this. I know many of us understand the pain of losing a companion like our fellow animals, and I want this to allow those companions of our future to have better lives than the ones lead before them. Like we should do to our own children, not the fur coated sweet kind but the homosapien kind. 

